simple our words of advice for me for someone to understand a get to know
their bosses would be to listen listen in the observer again you'll
be able to see the things they do you'll hear the things that they
talk about and as time goes on they'll open up to you about the things
that they like to do the things that they like to talk about and
out of the you opportunities to you know find some common area that
you guys share I like Fishin so chances are we walked by we were
walking in you were subordinate of man and we're walking by say I don't
know fission ponder something you might hear me say something like
you know I wish I had a rod of some rock office right now and then
to be opportunity it's simple and subtle things like that just listen
and observe